---
title: Hinrich bounces back against Celtics
pubdate: "10-30-2005"
summary: Kirk Hinrich led six Bulls in double figures with 29 points and seven assists in a 115-89 rout of the Boston Celtics.
image: 20051030.jpg
caption: Kirk Hinrich returned to form with 29 points and seven assists
boxscore: 015
---

The Bulls bounced back from their season opening loss, running the Boston Celtics out of the gym in a 115-89 win. Coming off a miserable shooting night, Kirk Hinrich found his touch, hitting 10-of-13 shots and finishing with a team high 29 points and seven assists.

Hinrich was one of six Bulls to score in double figures. The Bulls were hot from the field, hitting 63% of their shots.

The Bulls held a 69-53 lead at the half, but could not manage to score until just over five minutes remained in the third quarter. Paul Pierce and Ricky Davis, who combined for 50 points, rallied the Celtics to tie the game, 71-71. But the Bulls pulled away late in the third and never looked back.

Eddy Curry had his second double-double of the season with 18 points and 12 rebounds. Coach Scott Skiles is pleased with Curry's agressiveness on the boards.

"Offensively, Eddy is practically unstoppable," said Skiles. "But rebounding was definitely an area we wanted to see him improve over the summer. His hard work seems to be paying off. If he keeps it up, he'll be an all-star in this league for a long time."

Joe Johnson had another solid game off the bench with 13 points on 6-of-7 shooting. Tyson Chandler, Luol Deng and Ben Gordon each scored 11. Gordon continued to look out of sync, connecting on just 3-of-10 attempts from the field.

There are already rumors that Gordon may be placed back on the bench, a role which earned him last season's Sixth Man award, in favor of Johnson.

"It is what it is," said Gordon. "I'm not going to worry about starting. I'm just going to go out and give my best effort so that I'll be the one finishing games."