---
title: Chandler, Bulls thwart Sixers rally
pubdate: "11-01-2005"
summary: The Bulls held off a late Sixers comeback to escape their first road game of the season with a 100-94 win.
image: 20051101.jpg
caption: The Bulls withstood a late Sixers run led by Allen Iverson
boxscore: 035
---

Tyson Chandler sank three free throws and made several key plays as the Bulls overcame a late run by the Sixers to escape with a 100-94 win. Chandler finished with 18 points, 13 rebounds and three blocked shots, but saved his best for the final minute.

The Bulls held a 75-59 lead going into the final quarter, but the Bulls reserves had trouble on both ends of the floor. Led by Allen Iverson and Willie Green, the Sixers fought back, cutting the Bulls lead to 90-84 with two minutes to play.

With 51 seconds left, Iverson knocked down a three-pointer to bring the Sixers within five points of the Bulls. Luol Deng split a pair of free throws on the other end before Willie Green came back to drain another three with 35.9 seconds left, making the score 97-94.

Tyson Chandler was then fouled and made one of two from the line. Trailing by four, Iverson launched another three which fell short. Chandler corralled the rebound and was fouled again, where he iced the game by sinking both free throws.

"No lead is safe against Iverson," said Chandler after the game. "We just tried to contain him as much as possible and limit what the other guys were doing."

Iverson finished with 30 points while Chris Webber, guarded by Chandler, was held to just 10 points. Willie Green added 26 for the Sixers and Aaron McKie had 11 off the bench, but the Sixers had trouble keeping pace with the Bulls' surging offense.

Ben Gordon also had 18 points for the Bulls on 7-of-14 shooting. Eddy Curry and Luol Deng added 15 each.

Coach Scott Skiles was asked after the game why he left his reserves in despite their poor play, which allowed the Sixers back in the game.

"We've got a few new guys in the mix this year," Skiles responded. "The starters earned a rest and I wanted to get some extended time with the second unit. It was a risk, but fortunately it didn't end up biting us in the ass."

Gordon looked comfortable on and off the court, dispelling rumors that his starting position may be in jeopardy after poor performances in the first two games.

"You guys [the media] have to fill up your columns, so you make up this drama that isn't there," said Gordon. "There's no competition between Joe [Johnson] and I. We both want what's best for the team. If that means he's starting and I'm coming off the bench, I'm cool with that."

Johnson was 1-for-6 from the field, finishing with five points.