---
title: Bulls look to improve on breakthrough season
pubdate: "10-27-2005"
summary: After a disappointing finish to an exciting season, the Bulls are determined to show that the 2004-05 season was not a fluke. 
image: 20051027.jpg
caption: Eddy Curry returns to the Bulls with a clean bill of health
---

Despite the fact that last season's Bulls squad started out 0-9 and was headed for what seemed to be another long, losing season, the Bulls bounced back to finish 47-35 - earning the #4 seed and their first trip to the playoffs in seven years. Although no one expected much from the Bulls in the playoffs without starters Eddy Curry and Luol Deng, who both suffered season-ending injuries, they pushed the Washington Wizards to six games before bowing out of the playoffs.

It was a disappointing finish to an exciting season. In the end, the Bulls were determined to show that the 2004-05 season was not a fluke. General Manager John Paxson had done a great job building this team, but his work was far from complete.

After getting a team of perennial losers to buy into hard work, defense and hustle, coach Scott Skiles was first on Paxson's list to take care of. In June, just a day after it seemed negotiations had broken off between Skiles and the Bulls, Skiles accepted a four-year extension worth $16 million.

With Skiles locked up, Paxson turned his attention to restricted free agents Curry, Tyson Chandler and Chris Duhon. With his late-season heart problems, teams were reluctant to offer Curry a long-team deal, despite the fact doctors cleared him to play in late June. Paxson wasted no time locked up Curry with a modest four-year, $23 million deal.

"There aren't a lot of guys in the league with the size and athleticism that Eddy has," Paxson said. "We feel like he has just scratched the surface of his potential. He's going to be a special player."

Tyson Chandler received several offers, including a substantial one from the Atlanta Hawks. But Paxson opted to match the offer, keeping his young nucleus intact, at least for another year.

"I'm flattered that other teams were interested in signing me, but I love it here in Chicago," said Chandler. "After all the losing, I want to be a part of getting this team back to elite status. I want to be one of those guys who plays his whole career in one uniform."

Duhon received some interest from other teams, but the Bulls were as eager to have Duhon back as he was to return, signing him to a three-year, $7 million contract.

"We had a great run last season," Duhon said. "There is a special chemistry here and I'm looking forward to being a part of it for a long time."

The Bulls also re-signed Othella Harrington and Janerro Pargo to one-year deals. Adrian Griffin, Jared Reiner, Lawrence Funderburke and Frank Williams were released.

With no draft picks - the Bulls first round pick went to Phoenix as part of the trade that brought Luol Deng, while the second round pick went to Houston as part of the 2000 Bryce Drew deal - Paxson turned to free agency to bolster his squad. His top priority was a tall, athletic shooting guard. The Bulls spent much of last season rotating Kirk Hinrich, Ben Gordon and Duhon at the guard spots, none of whom are over 6'3".

With little room to maneuver under the salary cap, Paxson looked at Chicago native and former DePaul Blue Demon, Bobby Simmons, who had a breakout year for the Clippers on the way to winning the league's Most Improved Player award. Simmons seriously considered signing before the Hawks countered with an offer that put Simmons out of the Bulls price range.

The Bulls made a token offer to the Wizards Larry Hughes, who played college ball in St. Louis, but he commanded a much higher salary than the Bulls were able to offer. Hughes re-signed with the Wizards for an average annual salary of $10 million.

Finally, the Bulls were elated when the agent for Suns guard Joe Johnson contacted Paxson expressing interest in signing with the Bulls. The interest was mutual - Johnson and the Bulls quickly agreed to a deal worth $17 million over three years.

Johnson will most likely start at shooting guard, allowing Hinrich to switch back to his natural role of point guard. Duhon and Gordon will come off the bench to give the Bulls one of the deepest backcourts in the league.

With their remaining veteran exception, the Bulls signed free-agent forward Matt Bonner, previously with the Toronto Raptors. The addition of Bonner gives the Bulls some much-needed depth in the front court. Additionally, the Bulls signed center Jelani McCoy and forward Rodney White to partially guaranteed deals.

With the roster set and the players healthy, the Bulls are looking to pick up where last season left off. Expectations are considerably higher than they were this time last season. The Bulls know this and are ready to rise to the challenge.

"We had a great season if you compare it to the past few years, but we know we can do better," said Gordon. "Pax did a great job of keeping the squad together and adding some pieces. We're gonna go out there with a chip on our shoulder and show people what Bulls basketball is all about."