---
title: Van Gundy lashes refs after Bulls blowout
pubdate: "11-03-2005"
summary: Tracy McGrady was held to just 12 points as the Bulls spanked the Houston Rockets 112-80.
image: 20051103.jpg
caption: Ben Gordon had his best game of the season, scoring 24 points
boxscore: 042
---

If there were any doubts about Ben Gordon's place in the Bulls starting lineup, they were dispelled Thursday night in Houston. Gordon scored 24 points in as many minutes as the Bulls trounced the Rockets 112-80.

Gordon scored 11 points in the first quarter, matching baskets with Rockets guard Mike James. The Bulls led 32-31 after the first quarter.

The Bulls tightened up their defense in the second, holding the Rockets to 10 points in the quarter. Luol Deng hounded Tracy McGrady all night, holding the Rockets star to just 12 points on 5-of-12 shooting.

With his team trailing 55-41 at the half, Yao Ming led a brief push, scoring 12 points in the third quarter. But Eddy Curry countered with nine points of his own and the Bulls increased their lead to 22 points going into the fourth quarter.

The Bulls reserves closed out the game easily led by Andres Nocioni's 13 points. Antonio Davis and Chris Duhon each added eight.

Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy expressed his disgust with the officiating after the game.

"Fouls really cost us this game," said Van Gundy. "I don't see how the Bulls got 26 more free throw attempts than us. The calls definitely weren't going both ways. Tracy and Mike were getting clobbered out there and there were no calls."

"There have been plenty of games where we were on the other end," Scott Skiles responded. "We'll take whatever the refs will give us. I thought our guys played hard and within the rules of the game. If Jeff wants to complain, I'm sure [NBA Commissioner] David Stern will be more than happy to fine him."

The Bulls shot nearly 59 percent compared to the Rockets 42 percent. Houston was also out-rebounded 44-28. Antonio Davis had a team high nine rebounds for the Bulls.
