---
title: Conspiracy Theory? Bulls hold off foul-troubled Heat
pubdate: "11-04-2005"
summary: Despite Shaquille O'Neal and Dwyane Wade playing limited minutes, the Bulls barely hung on for a 95-90 win over the Miami Heat.
image: 20051104.jpg
caption: With O'Neal sidelined, the Heat had no answer for Eddy Curry
boxscore: 054
---

Does the NBA have something against Van Gundys? The Bulls attempted 42 free throws to Miami's 11, but the Bulls only narrowly escaped with a 95-90 win.

In a physical first quarter, Shaquille O'Neal and Dwyane Wade each picked up three personal fouls. The two Heat stars went to the bench, where they would stay until late in the third quarter.

In their absence the Bulls extended their lead to as many as 14 points, led by Eddy Curry, who finished with 19 points and a career-high 22 rebounds.

With O'Neal and Wade out, Eddie Jones and Damon Jones managed to keep the Heat within striking distance. In the fourth quarter, with O'Neal and Wade back in the lineup, the Heat surged back. Eddie Jones nailed a three-pointer with 1:15 left to cut the Bulls lead to two, 87-85.

Wade fouled out on the next possession and the Bulls extended their lead to four points. But Jones hit another three to cut the lead to one point. With the shot clock turned off, the Heat needed to foul and Joe Johnson sank both free throws.

After a Heat timeout, Keyon Dooling sank a quick jumper on the other end to make the score 91-90. The Heat fouled Kirk Hinrich who sank both free throws with 8.4 seconds left.

Damon Jones missed a potential game-tying three-pointer and the long rebound went to Hinrich who iced the final two free throws in the final seconds.

Heat Coach Stan Van Gundy, whose brother, Jeff, ripped the refs about the discrepancy of foul calls was a bit more subtle in criticizing the officiating.

"I'm not saying there's a conspiracy, but we had our two best players sitting on the bench for most of the game," Van Gundy said. "It is what it is. We were called for 27 fouls and they were called for seven. I've never seen anything like that before. Regardless, we had our chances in the fourth and came up short."

"That was a joke," said O'Neal after the game. "They're not going to be so lucky next time around. If they get fouled next game, it ain't gonna be no ticky-tack [stuff]."

Kirk Hinrich led the Bulls with 20 points and six assists. Ben Gordon added 18, but was just 6-for-21 from the field.

The Heat had five players in double figures, led by Eddie Jones' 22. Damon Jones had 13 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter. Alonzo Mourning and Keyon Dooling added 14 apiece. O'Neal and Wade combined for just 17 points.