---
title: Rose snaps former squad's win streak
pubdate: "11-06-2005"
summary: Jalen Rose scored 10 of his 24 points in the fourth quarter as the Toronto Raptors snapped the Bulls' four-game win streak, 95-91.
image: 20051106.jpg
caption: Jalen Rose scored 24 points against his former team
boxscore: 065
---

Jalen Rose kept his former team at bay, scoring 10 of his 24 points in the final quarter, as the Raptors beat the Bulls, 95-91. Rose had two three-pointers in the final 94 seconds to snap the Bulls four-game winning streak.

The Bulls led 22-18 after the first quarter, but the Raptors opened up the second quarter with a 6-0 run and held the lead until the fourth quarter. Tyson Chandler, who finished with 19 points and eight rebounds, led a Bulls run that tied the game at 74-74.

With the game going back and forth, Rose hit a three-pointer with 1:34 to go, giving the Raptors a 90-87 lead. The Bulls split a pair of free throws before Rose connected on another three to extend Toronto's lead to five. Ben Gordon missed several attempts from behind the arc and the Raptors held on for the win.

"Every time I come back here I play with a little bit more purpose than usual," said Rose. "It's not like I hold a grudge [for being traded], there's just something about this town that makes me step up my game."

Coach Scott Skiles was noticably upset about the loss.

"Our bigs were great," said Skiles, referring to Chandler and Eddy Curry, who had 25 points and nine rebounds. "But our backcourt was terrible. They shot the ball poorly and didn't defend well down the stretch. There's definitely a few things we need to work on."

Gordon and Kirk Hinrich combined to shoot 7-of-24 from the field.

Five players scored in double figures for the Raptors, including Chris Bosh, who had 19 points, nine rebounds and five blocked shots. Center Rafael Araujo had a game-high 14 rebounds, including six offensive boards.

The Bulls will practice tomorrow before heading to Philadelphia for the second time in as many weeks. The Bulls won the last meeting 100-94.