---
title: Bulls drop second straight against hungry Sixers
pubdate: "11-08-2005"
summary: The Sixers avenged last week's loss to the Bulls with a 96-87 win, spoiling a 28 point, 13 rebound effort by Eddy Curry.
image: 20051108.jpg
caption: The Sixers defense kept the Bulls offense in check
boxscore: 081
---

The Sixers outscored the Bulls 24-16 in the fourth quarter to hand the Bulls their second consecutive loss, 96-87, in Philadelphia. The Sixers held the Bulls to a season-low 43 percent shooting to avenge last week's 100-94 Bulls win.

Allen Iverson led a balanced Sixers attack with 19 points, while Samuel Dalembert anchored their defense with 13 rebounds and five blocked shots.

The Bulls trailed by just one point, 72-71, going into the final quarter when Iverson took over the game. The Sixers went on a 8-0 run and the Bulls were not able to catch up.

"The shut us down in the stretch," said Ben Gordon, who was held to just seven points on 2-for-11 shooting. "I couldn't get anything going."

Gordon is now shooting just 35 percent on the season. Coach Scott Skiles has not ruled out a lineup change.

"It's still early in the season, so I'd like to give Ben a bit more time," said Skiles. "But at the same time, Joe [Johnson] has been playing well and Ben thrived off the bench last season. We'll see how the guys respond in practice and I'll make whatever moves I think are necessary for us to win games."

The Sixers spoiled another solid effort from Eddy Curry, who had a season-high 28 points to go along with 13 rebounds. Kirk Hinrich also had a tough shooting night, going 4-for-16, but finished with 16 points.

Aaron McKie had 13 points off the Sixers bench, which outscored the Bulls bench 31-16. Willie Green had 17 points, while Chris Webber added 14 points and 11 rebounds.