---
title: Gordon drops 23 in return to starting lineup
pubdate: "11-13-2005"
summary: Ben Gordon scored 17 of his 23 points in the second half as the Bulls defeated the visiting New Orleans Hornets, 92-82.
image: 20051113.jpg
caption: The inexperienced Hornets had trouble stopping Ben Gordon
boxscore: 117
---

Two games after being benched, Ben Gordon returned to the starting lineup, scoring 17 of his 23 points in the fourth quarter as the Bulls beat the New Orleans Hornets, 92-82. Having struggled with his shot recently, Gordon was 8-of-16 from the field and 4-of-4 from the line.

The Bulls got off to a hot start, but Casey Jacobsen came off the Hornets bench to score 10 and get New Orleans back in the game. With the score tied 45-45 at the half, Ben Gordon came out firing, scoring 12 points in the third quarter. Tyson Chandler added eight points in the quarter to extend the Bulls lead to 76-64. The Hornets tried to make a run in the final quarter, but the Bulls held them off for the win.

"I felt good out there," Gordon said after the game. "Starting out we kind of took them for granted, so coach [Scott] Skiles told us to come out more aggressive in the second half. Being back in the starting lineup gave me a lot more confidence."

Besides leading the Bulls in scoring, Gordon held J.R. Smith to just four points on 2-of-8 shooting.

"I decided to put Ben back in the starting lineup and it paid off," said Skiles. "He was great on both ends of the floor. Hopefully he can do it consistently against tougher competition."

Kirk Hinrich had a strong game with 20 points, four assists and two steals. Tyson Chandler and Eddy Curry each had a double-double, while Andres Nocioni led the Bulls bench with nine points.

Jamaal Magloire led the Hornets with 20 points. Rookie Priest Askins showed some potential, scoring 12 points and grabbing eight boards. 