---
title: Bulls shut down by short-handed Sixers
pubdate: "11-14-2005"
summary: With Allen Iverson watching from the sidelines, the Sixers staged a fourth quarter rally to beat the Bulls, 99-95.
image: 20051114.jpg
caption: Chris Webber picked up the slack with Allen Iverson out
boxscore: 126
---

The Bulls shot just 33 percent in the fourth quarter as the Sixers beat them for the second time this month, 99-95. Steve Blake started in place of Allen Iverson, who is on the injured list with a sprained wrist. Blake had 25 points, five rebounds and five assists.

Chris Webber added 24 points on 11-of-13 shooting and grabbed nine rebounds as the Sixers improved to 2-1 against the Bulls in their third game in November.

The Bulls built a seven point lead in the first half, but the Sixers cranked up their defense in the second half. Blake had nine points and Aaron McKie added seven in the third quarter as the Sixers pulled within one going into the fourth.

The Sixers opened up the quarter on a 6-0 run and led 97-91 when Ben Gordon hit a three-pointer and was fouled by Blake with 5.9 seconds to play. Gordon converted the free throw to cut the Sixers lead to two points. Samuel Dalembert made both free throws on the other end to put the game out of reach.

The Sixers had four blocks and five steals in the fourth quarter. Dalembert and rookie Moses Sydor each had four blocks, while Andre Iguodala had two blocks and three steals.

"You've got to give them credit," said Eddy Curry. "They didn't have their best player and they came out and played well. We played a good game, but they wanted it more in the end."

Bulls coach Scott Skiles admits his team may have underestimated the Sixers.

"Our guys might have thought we'd have an easy win with Allen out," Skiles said. "But Blake came in and put up Iverson-like numbers."

All five Bulls starters scored in double figures, led by Gordon's 18. Eddy Curry had his fifth consecutive double-double with 14 points and 11 rebounds.

The Bulls and Sixers play for the fourth and final time this season on November 30th.