---
title: Chandler shines as Bulls hold off Pacers
pubdate: "11-16-2005"
summary: Tyson Chandler had 15 points, 14 rebounds, five assists and three blocks as the Bulls edged the Pacers, 92-88.
image: 20051116.jpg
caption: Tyson Chandler had his best game of the season against the Pacers
boxscore: 141
---

Tyson Chandler made three free throws in the final minute to seal a 92-88 win over the Central division-leading Pacers. Chandler had his best all-around game of the season, posting 15 points, 14 rebounds, five assists and three blocked shots, despite playing with foul trouble.

Chandler picked up his fifth foul with 4:07 left in the fourth quarter but managed to avoid picking up a sixth and final foul while coming up with several key plays.

The Bulls led 72-65 after three quarters but the Pacers closed the gap in the final minutes. Jermaine O'Neal scored inside to cut the Bulls lead to 89-86 with less than 24 seconds to play. Chandler was immediately fouled and split a pair of free throws to make it a two possession game.

Jeff Foster made a quick jumper to make it 90-88 with 3.6 seconds left. Chandler was fouled again and made both free-throws to secure the Bulls win.

"Chandler was phenomenal tonight," gushed Pacers coach, Rick Carlisle. "He contributed all over the floor while not being 'the man'."

Eddy Curry was "the man" for the Bulls again, scoring a game-high 28 points on 13-of-16 shooting and grabbing 10 rebounds. Luol Deng added 20 points.

Fred Jones led the Pacers with 18 points on 9-of-22 shooting. Ron Artest scored 15, while Jermaine O'Neal scored 14 points and was limited to just seven shot attempts.

With the win, the Bulls moved into a first place tie with Cleveland in the Central Division while the Pacers fell a half game back.