---
title: Nets fend off late Bulls surge
pubdate: "11-18-2005"
summary: The Nets held off a late Bulls rally behind 29 points from Richard Jefferson as the Bulls lose, 96-90.
image: 20051118.jpg
caption: Richard Jefferson scored a game-high 29 points
boxscore: 148
---

The Bulls narrowed a 17-point New Jersey lead to six but couldn't come any closer, falling 96-90 to the Nets. Richard Jefferson scored a game-high 29 points as the Nets won their fifth game in their last six.

The Nets held a 15-point lead going into the fourth quarter and lead by as many as 17 when the Bulls began a late run. The Bulls trimmed the lead to seven in the last two mintues, but the Nets matched them point for point.

With the Bulls down nine and the game seemingly out of reach, Kirk Hinrich hit a three-pointer with 5.9 seconds left to cut the lead to six. Vince Carter, who finished with 14 points, missed both free throws. Ben Gordon missed a desperation three-pointer and the Nets held on for the win.

The loss spoiled another fantastic game for Tyson Chandler, who finished with 21 points, 17 rebounds and five assists.

"Tyson played extremely well tonight," said coach Scott Skiles. "It's just too bad our guards couldn't match his intensity."

Skiles dig was aimed at Gordon and Kirk Hinrich, who combined to shoot 2-for-14 from behind the arc and gave up a combined 36 points to Carter and Jason Kidd.

Kidd finished with 22 points, six rebounds and four assists. Undrafted rookie Jorge Lindquist was impressive off the Nets bench with seven points and 11 rebounds.

Eddy Curry had his seventh straight double-double, finishing with 18 points and 11 boards.